[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR] In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
Now, the fate of Dressrosa
will be decided
in a one-on-one duel between
Luffy and Doflamingo.
Don't forget.
I'm a captain, too.
If I leave you and Doflamingo
for Straw Hat to defeat alone,
I'd be abandoning my pride.
You're stuck on the ground
like a miserable worm!
What pride do you have left?
I'm so sick of you! Just die!
[LAW]
Takt!
[TREBOL]
What the?
No!
Sterben Blade!
Pigya!
What the hell kind of
plan was that? [groans]
Shooting your arm at me?
You little cheater.
You wanna play like that?
Law. You can die with me!
[LAW gasps]
You've lost it!
Put away the fire!
See you in hell, Law!
Look close.
The man with Luffy is
a Warlord, like Doflamingo.
That's Trafalgar Law.
[BOTH gasp]
[ROBIN]
And he's in pretty bad shape!
[LEO]
Lawland!
[LUFFY gasps]
[ROBIN]
Down here! Let me take Traffy!
[LUFFY]
Robin! Good idea!
He's hurt, but Traffy
held his own against Mingo!
[ROBIN]
Oh no! His arm!
I've got you!
Cien Fleurs: Spider Net!
What happened to Lawland's arm?
We'll get through this.
So don't you worry.
I've got you.
Nico Robin!
[ROBIN gasps]
I don't want you
butting in on our fight!
The man's still
breathing, isn't he?
Then I'm not done with him!
Doflamingo!
[LUFFY] Leave Traffy alone!
This is our fight now!
This'll finish you!
[gasps]
All right, Gum-Gum...
Bullet String!
...Hawk Whip!
[gasps] Damn it!
You have to flee!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Robin! Run away!
[CAVENDISH]
Precious Metal Axe!
It's Cabbage!
Forgive me.
Up till now I was sleeping.
You still haven't
cleaned up this mess?
C'mon, Straw Hat!
Hey, Cabbage!
Take everyone and
get off the plateau!
Are you kidding me?
Why would I do that
when Doflamingo's
standing right there?
Let me fight him! Just one blow!
I'm leaving my friends
in your hands!
[CAVENDISH gasps]
My goodness.
He trusts me!
[gasps] Not only trust...
Respect! Popularity!
So, Straw Hat is my fan!
A favor from a fan.
Then I can't say no!
Bartolomeo is still
on the lower level.
We could use his power.
Let's go find him.
Can you do anything? Leo?
Those cuts look pretty ragged.
If I can sew him up,
that's something.
[MANSHERRY]
That could work.
Then I can heal him.
My watering can
should fix him up.
Good idea, Princess. Thank you.
But first, we should all
get to safety like Lucy said.
Kick-ass!
Mister Zoro is so cool!
That new special move
is outta this world!
[CAVENDISH] Hey, Bartolomeo!
Make me some stairs, quick!
I'll ride or die
for Mister Zoro!
Till the end of the line!
Are you listening
to me, you nitwit?
You're a part-time psycho
with narcolepsy!
I don't take orders from you!
[CAVENDISH] Nico Robin
and the others need stairs!
Just do it already!
Huh? Wait a sec, didja say
it's for Miss Robin?
Be right there!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[panting]
You should stop
being so selfish.
You're wasting precious time.
Your poor friend Law is
suffering because he can't die!
Let me put him
out of his misery!
If you wanna kill him so bad,
then you can do it
after you beat me!
[LUFFY panting]
Seems you're worn out already.
Wouldn't you rather
just take a break?
You're as bad off as me!
I saw that special move
Traffy did before!
There's no way that
didn't mess you up!
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[yells]
Bazooka!
[panting]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[gasps]
You're fast, I'll give you that.
But your attacks don't have
nearly enough weight.
Overheat!
[gasps]
Brings back memories!
It was back when
you beat Crocodile.
They tried to hide the truth,
but I figured out what happened.
I've been keeping an
eye on you since then.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Crocodile was defeated?
And they're telling us
a captain from Navy HQ did it?
Not a chance.
There must be a catch.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Look. It's got to be him.
Why else would his bounty
jump up like that?
Find out about
this pirate group.
I've never heard their name.
Monkey "D."?
[DOFLAMINGO] Then you
showed up at Marineford.
Falling from the sky!
You've done well
to survive this long,
but your luck runs out today!
[gasps]
[LAW]
Stop!
I didn't expect you
to wake up yet.
Are you all right?
Put me down. Leave me here.
[ROBIN, CAVENDISH gasp]
And why would you want that?
[LAW]
For the past 13 years,
the only thing
I've been living for
is a chance to kill Doflamingo.
I've done everything I can.
But I'm all worn out.
So now, all that's left
is to have faith in Straw Hat.
But if he's gonna win,
then I wanna be there to watch.
[LAW]
By the same token,
if he doesn't win,
then I need to be there,
so that I can die
along with him.
[yells]
[cackles]
[grunts]
[LAW] I'm the one who
got Straw Hat involved
in this whole conflict.
That's why I have to
see it through. So leave me!
I don't know what to say.
Traffy. Captains of
a true pirate alliance
are on equal footing.
[ROBIN] Luffy's here of
his own free will. You see?
If he didn't want
to fight, he'd refuse.
I'm begging you, please.
Leave me.
[sighs] I suppose there's
no talking you out of it.
Nico Robin, you go on ahead.
[gasps]
Cabbage!
Miss Robin!
I heard you needed a way down!
Barrier-bility Stairs!
I can't grant your request
if it'll kill you.
I'll stay here, too.
[CAVENDISH] I don't want
to hear any complaints.
If you do die today,
it'll be after me.
[LAW gasps]
Miss Robin! Hey!
Your stairs are ready!
We should go.
Bartolomeo is waiting.
He made a path.
[CAVENDISH]
Go.
Here, please.
[gasps]
[CAVENDISH]
We can't all stay here.
Leave Trafalgar to me.
I'll return this
the next time I see you.
[LEO] Robiland!
We're staying behind as well.
Don't worry.
I promise Lawland will
make it back safe and sound.
[USOPP] There's gotta be
some way to stop this!
Just sitting here watching
is driving me crazy!
Where are you going,
Sir Zoro? It's dangerous!
Come with me!
Hey! Wait, Zoro!
It would seem our friend
has a plan in mind!
Let's make haste!
Mingo!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
[grunts]
[LUFFY yells]
[yells]
[laughs]
[gasps]
[chuckles]
That was close!
All right! Second Gear!
[yells] Gum-Gum...
...Red Hawk!
[LUFFY yells]
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Damn it! Then how about this?
Now. Third Gear!
Let's go!
Gum-Gum Grizzly Magnum!
[DOFLAMINGO]
You're wide open!
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO] Trying to hurry so
Law's attack won't go to waste?
But even if you do defeat me,
how long will that take?
[panting]
There's a one hour limit,
but it's not that simple.
That's how long until
the Birdcage fully collapses.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[screams]
[LUFFY gasps]
But you have to think,
there's plenty of
sick and elderly people
out there, and babies as well.
Not everyone can run.
[chuckles]
The vulnerable will
fall victim quickly, I'm sure.
It will only take 30 minutes
for the fatalities
to start piling up.
After 40 minutes have passed,
I imagine we'll be able to
hear the screams close by.
Then after 50 minutes,
the kingdom will be painted red,
as if it were covered
in crushed tomatoes.
And then the screams
will die out.
Just one hour until
only silence remains.
[DOFLAMINGO] You have nothing
to do with this kingdom.
You don't owe
these people anything.
And yet the deaths today rest
entirely on your shoulders.
They would still be smiling
if you hadn't come here.
My kingdom would
still be at peace.
That wasn't peace!
It was all built on lies!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
There's no place in the world
where everyone prospers.
It's a waste of time
trying to save them all.
You're just a pirate,
passing through.
Why are you trying to play hero?
You dare pick a fight
with me, Straw Hat?
That's not true!
You're the one
picking a fight with me!
You made so many
of my friends cry.
And you made
my crewmates angry, too!
You'll keep hurting people
until you're stopped.
It's time for me to step up.
I won't let anyone else die!
[LUFFY] I'm kicking your ass
and wrecking your Birdcage!
All right. Fourth Gear!
[NARRATOR] Luffy reveals
his secret weapon,
a new form that
surpasses Third Gear.
With overwhelming
strength and speed,
even Doflamingo
struggles to keep up.
However, the clock is still
ticking for Dressrosa,
and Luffy must turn
things around quickly
if he hopes to
protect its citizens.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!